The colour analysis box shows the orginal detected colours
as well as the corrected colours based directly on the
positions of the sliders
the histogram in the middle shows the original detected colours
as well as the background colour
the colour circle of hue and lightness shows the direction
the foreground colours have been corrected towards
the saturation of the circle can be toggled on or off with the left mouse button
the two columns show the original detected foreground colours
and their corrected counterparts
any of the foreground colours can be viewed on the detected
background colour to see if they satisfy the criteria
any of the colours can also be copied to the clipboard with the left mouse button for further use